# Secretary-Problem-Simulator
Secretary-Problem-Simulator.py will simulate the secretary problem and output the optimal sampling window for the "secretary problem"
For context, Wikipedia describes the secretary problem as "A problem that demonstrates a scenario involving optimal stopping theory. It is also known as the marriage problem, the sultan's dowry problem, the fussy suitor problem, the googol game, and the best choice problem. The basic form of the problem is the following: imagine an administrator who wants to hire the best secretary out of n rankable applicants for a position. The applicants are interviewed one by one in random order. A decision about each particular applicant is to be made immediately after the interview. Once rejected, an applicant cannot be recalled. During the interview, the administrator gains information sufficient to rank the applicant among all applicants interviewed so far, but is unaware of the quality of yet unseen applicants. The question is about the optimal strategy (stopping rule) to maximize the probability of selecting the best applicant. If the decision can be deferred to the end, this can be solved by the simple maximum selection algorithm of tracking the running maximum (and who achieved it), and selecting the overall maximum at the end. The difficulty is that the decision must be made immediately."
Technically, the solution is known to be 1/e or the maximum of -xlnx.
However, this program was developed to SIMULATE the secretary problem. Paramters and variables are already set, but all variables are conveniently placed at the top of the program so that you can select how thorough and/or quickly the program will run. In addition, I made the program as simple to read as possible by adding comments and refraining from declaring overly-complex methods.
In the future, I will tidy up the code and replace redundant statements with methods (still want the code to be easily understandable for new programmers)
If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.
